---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-16T01:26:49.371Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-16T01:26:31.854Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-16-072cd07b-615b-4853-b155-b46113d39eaa.md
published: true
url: 072cd07b-615b-4853-b155-b46113d39eaa/index.html
_type: Article

---
Life in Harmony

**We offer clinical therapeutic services for the San Diego community, specializing in individual, couples and group counseling.**

At the heart of our training is the belief that life must be in harmony to achieve happiness. The expression "Life in Harmony" refers to the need we all have to maintain balance in relationship to our self, in our relationships with others and within our life circumstance and surroundings.

Life lessons come to all of us equally, though some are more difficult than others. We all experience life's events such as relocation, change in relationship, and illness which can create  "unbalance." Life by nature is always changing and becoming; at times unsettled life circumstances can cause us to lose our equilibrium. We believe that we can assist clients with regaining balance in the ebb and flow of life experiences.

As many find themselves in a place of dissonance, through loss or difficulty, our services strive to help find that needed balance. Clients typically seek therapeutic expertise for support related to many personal issues such as divorce, coping with chronic illness as well as relocation adjustment for individuals, couples and families.

We will help you to develop an individualized plan of care and to set goals. Each plan is uniquely designed for your specific needs.